what's up guys yall know what time it is
it's time for another epic content from
yours truly busy fucking mink and today
i'm bringing you a raiders vs bengals
game play and I'm sorry I forgot to
record or edit the first part where I
scored i'm katya editing the first part
where i scored by sand so whatever um
i'm starting off we have the lead 7
nothing um this guy's offense was pretty
easy to stop it wasn't anything too hard
I'm right here at fourth and 16 and his
own 13 decided to go forward but right
there we gonna use your pic with tyvon
branch and we're back to the 20 so now
you guys good to see my offense
basically I was trying to run like a
little read option scheme of my own and
right here its third and 11 and he holds
me to a field goal so you know not that
bad I mean his points after we gotta
stop so I'm not really too angry but
right here um i'm not going to show too
much defense but he did score right
there simply because after a while I got
bored because and I stuff I started
leaving and I went to go clay like play
that computer d where I wasn't even here
and then Madden was picking on my place
right there we catch him over the top
for a nice game today heyward-bey and we
hit him with the read-option i only
really get that running like doing
certain things because i keep forgetting
to read the dns on the left or to the
right whatever side I'm running to so
yeah right there is that I don't know
what's up with him and split close
formation but he has issues stopping it
so I'm just I just kept abusing it
and right there we get a nice touchdown
terrelle pryor 2000 absolute dot to
Denarius Moore I think that they said
name and write their bright don't test
the user what's wrong with you bribed
don't throw the ball my way I got some
sticky hands on defense man oh man there
was a couple other time we did it and
then a mad made me drop it it's whatever
the way they look at meijer getting bid
breaking tackles doing his thing Darrius
heyward-bey falling forward breaking
tackles doing the same thing this whole
game I said was pretty good and right
there I swear had that open but he
clicked on like really really quick and
jump the shit out of that outro but yeah
here we go this is my favorite play the
game okay so we call it a fumble and
Houston or whatever fat lineman picks it
up takes it all the way back home for
six um that was really funny because the
guys on his team that was supposed to
recover it didn't and right there we
just get killed Shawntae Spencer kept
getting his ass like fucking murdered by
uh by AJ Green or whatever they let it
up in AJ Green I don't know why this one
shot take Spencer had a better zone or
man coverage and look at this terrelle
pryor throws another dot past three
people to Darius hey babe we get a nice
big touchdown so it's 3114 and look at
this another pic right before half and
you know after half is when I actually
stopped playing like real defense so I
think I like I think I edited out most
of that look at that I have a bootyhole
naked for a big gain up the middle but I
throw it to the UH so to my tight end
but it doesn't matter look at a wide
open and ain't nobody catching darrius
heyward-bey in stride I don't care who
you are unless you're maybe like sam
shields or patrick peterson and then
first play of the half I believe I'm
sorry of the second half I guess I don't
know I came back and I saw the computer
was playing everything and I just got
cooked so it's whatever though we're
still we still have a 17-point lead and
yeah anyway guys um I wanted to talk to
you guys about something real quick um
look at that for them too I don't know
what the fuck happened there but um I
have maybe 12 k video after this and
then I might I'm not saying this is a
guarantee but who might that uh might
not post a video for like another two to
three days on that phone was kind of
that just because um my thumb is messed
up and it'll be kind of hard to do my
best and man I might I mean I can still
play up late last night but definitely
not gonna play via 2k I'm gonna try and
play UFC with this messed up thumb but
if it messes me up and I'm gonna
probably stop right there we have
Denarius Moore open all by himself we
just throw it up oh man and this is an
example of when shit goes wrong i think
i called nick gage 8 on
fourth-and-inches because I swear he was
gonna run the ball and he did like a
little drag route slammer out and he
gets an onside kick back gets even more
annoying oh man um then he chose me with
that little bench play I should have
called a cover for that was my fault so
now we're only up by three and
thankfully we get that onside back and
this is where the game gets really
intense this is where the game gets good
okay look ausbury he's almost there the
little bangles dude is kind of found a
who the hell that is but I was ready to
tighten and you know how fast everybody
on the fucking Raiders is I think
everybody runs like a 45 or faster look
at that getting at least ten who is that
I think that was tenure 10 yards which a
real fire but then I throw in da ass
interception I don't know why I just
threw a short in triple coverage either
a fumble what's gonna happen or pick and
look at that bro what are you doing this
matt giordano kid give me that shit oh
man I don't even know what what will
pick that that's like fucking 13
not joking but look at that we have
streeter there and he drops it Oh forth
and 13 sadly but look at this we get it
right back and with a minute left I
really should stop and start clocking
him but I feel confident I'm passing the
ball doing whatever I feel like and
darrius heyward-bey drops it on third
and eight so you know we're going for it
on fourth and eighth we're trying to put
a just in the game and he read that I
should have thrown into a McFadden but I
don't know why i press R B so now he has
evolved that and he has the chance to
like maybe sending it over time well
it's 11 seconds left this is the last
play the game we get a bait give me that
shit and we take that shit home for the
left final play of the game I hope you
guys enjoyed this video leave a like and
comment if you enjoy look at me just
head banging Rolando claim for the win
and ya guys you mean I'm skill points 14
skill point wow this is a man's evening
and I am out peace